Using Abuse as a Catalyst for Self-Improvement
Dealing with life as it comes
Date (November 19, 2019 - 18:00)
Hello. You might not know me, and that may be for the best.
Ever since I was 3 I remember a feeling, which I only recently found out the name - cognitive dissonance.
To those who don't know%B[https://xkcd.com/1053/] cognitive dissonance%B[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_dissonance] is the mental discomfort (psychological stress) experienced by a person who holds two or more contradictory beliefs, ideas, or values.
It's what happens when you're forced to believe in something that contradicts universal truths.
It's what happens when day after day you're judged by how much you give of your time to God - while hearing that most of even the people inside the "organization" are not going to survive Armageddon.
A constant fear for your own death and of everyone you know that doesn't believe in the same shit you do - from very early on. I used to cry that all my uncles abandoned the "truth". They we're all going to die, and soon, I thought.
That was just some of the things I learned from while growing as a Jehova's Witness.
I could never quite consciously deal with the truth of the mental police I had following me - I always knew I would die in their Armageddon. I used to pray to God to extend his wrath further, cause I wanted to buy a new video game and you know, just be a kid?
My solution was some kind of unconscious stoicism - I never quite consciously knew everything I was learning was absolutely insane and terrorist-like. I just accepted what I was being taught as the truth - and the fact that an absolute truth even existed.
And I let it mold my mind. And my thoughts. I had so many mental blocks I didn't even remotely think about doing something wrong (in their standards) in my first 10 years.
But, as crazy as may sound when I say this, I was lucky. When I was 8, something that initially tramautized me happened. A young JW, friend of the family. Used to come home to play games with me. One day, out of nowhere - we we're alone - he completely changed. 
His eyes we're filled with a kind of rage I couldn't yet understand where from. It was the kind of rage of a sex fueled teenager that is supposed to be completely celibate. Yeah, I was abused. 
When you don't even quite understand what sex is, having to re-consider what you felt and what exactly just happened - while having absolutely no support group, who the fuck do you talk to about this when you're 8?
So I just lived with it. It took me awhile to actually understand what happened, but in an insane way my path to freedom started there. I was (am) constantly studying and investigating, and slowly came to my own truth.
They're a cult. They're bleeding people in the US ( http://jwfacts.com/ ). Don't fucking hear them, but don't fight them too - they will never hear you. You have to let them find their own truth. You'll NEVER be able to convince a JW of something else than what the Organization gives him.
But who gives a shit? Just let them end - they've been promising paradise ever since the 70s, at some point people are going to go insane.
It makes me mad that I'm happy that everything has happened exactly like this. They've created an insane person that is never really mentally present at the living moment, that cares about nothing but his cause. I have no idea how far I would have gone for them. They had the perfect soldier. Though I don't serve Jehovah anymore, I serve myself and humanity. One day I might say I serve humanity only, but it's not today.
If anything, they taught me to be good. No, to not exploit any rules and still be the best. I've never felt comfortable, and I never want to. It's when I'm going insane that I do my best work.
They taught me to forgive my abuser, as I have comfort in knowing he stills feels guilt from having slipped through a moment of weakness, but I've somehow become better because of him.
They taught me that it's okay to fail. And it's okay to fail again. And again. The only thing that is important is that you learn from stumbling around.
It's insane hearing an agnostic talk about Jesus, but the dude wasn't wrong - we just have a really bad problem of text interpretation. Being humble and sometimes allowing people to become better by myself being abused, that does not bother me.
They taught me to care for the world. The world that their god is going to destroy for them to rebuild (wtf)? I'm going to rebuild it now. I'm not waiting for some insane killer-God to bring me a paradise.
But I'm still abusing it. I admit it, as most of us should too.
I like to describe myself as a catalyst. I'm not needed. Alone? I'm useless. What I do best is showing the best of people. Whatever brilliance I find I amplify. Which is why I'll never be comfortable anywhere. I need to be in a constant search of new shit.
In that same theme, I'm constantly humbling myself and trying to learn something new - no matter the area. Music? Movies? Living in 2020 takes abstract intelligence - the greatest problem for AI. We need to find ways of not being so easily replaced by our machine overlords. 
We're living in the verge of a machine revolution - 20 years from now everything is going to be completely different. Hell, 5 years from now, fuck even today - the hardware is already there. We only need the first algorithm to be actually otimized and we're made obsolete. 
I can't be afraid of being wrong - accepting I'm fucking wrong is literaly the egotistical way! How can I be better than you without admitting I don't know the same shit as you and learning from what you tell me?
We need some kind of open etical egoism - straight up, we all want to learn from one another to become better people. That's how we advance as a race. That's how we prove to the machines we're needed.
So I think that's about it. I've been living inside so many closets, not only to the people around me but to myself, and I'm just tired of not living. It's been some 24 years of an halucination-like dream that doesn't quite feel like me, but that now all my decisions are based on (even though most times I feel like I have no control over them). 
I just want to try and be free and create what I can to change the world.